Psalm 11 to the chief musician a psalm
of David in the Lord I put
trust how can you say to my soul flee as
a bird to your Mountain for look the
wicked bend their bow they make ready
their arrow on the string that they may
shoot secretly at the upright in heart
if the foundations are destroyed what
can the righteous do the Lord is in his
holy temple the Lord's throne is in
heaven
his eyes behold his eyelids test the
sons of men the Lord tests the righteous
but the wicked and the one who loves
violence his soul hates upon the wicked
he will rain coals fire and brimstone
and a burning wind shall be the portion
of their Cup for the Lord is righteous
he loves righteousness his countenance
be holds the upright